This NPC has bad acne all over their face.
This NPC has their eyes squinted like they are looking into a bright light.
The NPC has one more tattoo every time they show up in the story. This is never addressed by any other NPC who could know him.
This NPC has luscious, carbon-black, long hair that extents beyond their own height. It is keep in a long braid. They haven’t cut it since birth.
This NPC has a face only a mother could love.
This NPC has a body build that appears both muscular and lanky.
This NPC has a thin, delicate build.
This NPC is missing one or more teeth.
This NPC has large bushy eyebrows.
This NPC has a distinctive military tattoo.
This NPC has fingers that are just a little too long. Maybe they have a bit of fae blood in them?
The skin on the arms of this NPC seems like it's recovering from a nasty chemical burn.
This NPC's skin is covered in battle scars.
This NPC is ampidextrous.
This NPC has buck-teeth.
This NPC has an unkempt and slobbish look.
This NPC has incredibly cold hands.
This NPC has a distinctive accent that places them from "x" (country, region).
This NPC has a hunchback.
This NPC has a hissing voice.
This NPC has watery eyes.
This NPC speaks very fast-paced.
This NPC has a distinctive cult tattoo.
This NPC has a high-pitched, squeaky voice.
This NPC has a large scar across their chin.
The NPC has a mechanical replacement for a few fingers/hand/arm.
This NPC has gorgeous eyes.
This NPC is always wearing only the finest clothing.
This NPC has a patch of discolored skin around an old scar. They were poisoned by (someone, something) long ago. They recovered, but it left its mark.
This NPC always has some red stain on their hands. Surely its just tomato sauce... right?
This NPC always smells like farm animals.
This NPC has a peg leg.
This NPC has fingers instead of on each hand.
This NPC is INCREDIBLY beautiful. People often do double-takes of them as they walk by.
This NPC has a deep, baritone voice.
This NPC smells TERRIBLE.
This NPS has a beehive hair style.
The NPC has hair changing color according to their mood following an accident involving wild magic.
This NPC dresses like a slob, and tends to wear the same clothes for weeks.
This NPC is missing fingers from a farming accident.
This NPC is missing a finger in a kitchen accident.
This NPC has a distinctive slave tattoo.
This NPC has an abormally long nose.
This NPC has a limp due to a magical mishap (they were practicing a specific spell that backfired).
This NPC wears torn, dirty clothing.
This NPS has a monk haircut.
This NPC never looks anyone in the eyes.
This NPC has really accentuated cheekbones, and hollow cheeks.
This NPC has lots of freckles.
This NPC has noticeably crooked teeth. They try to hide their mouth while speaking.
This NPC has a tiny nose.
This NPC has a deep, resonating voice.
This NPC has freckles on their face positioned in a way to resemble runes.
This NPC has huge bulging muscles.
This NPC is missing their tongue, making them a mute.
This NPC has happy, warm eyes.
This NPC is bald (naturally bald, shaved head).
This NPC is exceptionally short for their species.
This NPS has a samurai bun hair style.
This NPC is cross-eyed.
This NPC has an allergy that causes them to sneeze a lot.
The NPC is constantly hunched over. If they stretched upwards, they'd gain a good foot in height.
This NPC is has a thick, furry unibrow.
This NPC has a tattoo of a mermaid on their arm.
This NPC is accident prone, keeps tripping on cobblestones, spill drinks and food on themselves and others, falls down stairs, but never any fatal injuries.
This NPC always smells like incense.
This NPC has watchful eyes.
This NPC has the most glorious mustache.
This NPC has an anchor tattoo.
This NPC has acne scars on their face.
This NPC has sleepy eyes.
This NPC has a skull tattoo.
This NPC has cold, calculating eyes.
This NPC has a mouth that hangs open.
This NPC has a distinctive sailing tattoo.
This NPC has a large scar over their right eye. Every time they are asked about it, their story changes on how they got it.
This NPC always seems to be covered in dirt from working in the (fields, mines, mud)
This NPS has dreadlocks.
This NPC has wild eyes.
This NPC has over-sized ears.
This NPC always smells like fish.
This NPC has a smile and laugh that always feel genuinely welcoming.
This NPC clearly had their nose broken numerous times.
This NPC has elaborately pierced ears.
This NPC has fashionable, hip clothing.
This NPC has dry, cracked lips.
This NPC appears to have both some features common in the current nation's population, and some features from a population that's many many miles away.
This NPC wears an ear trumpet to hear.
This NPC has pointy ears.
This NPC is rotund.
This NPC has a dagger tattoo.
This NPC has rotting teeth.
This NPC is constantly biting their nails out of nervousness.
This NPC has a distinctive tribal tattoo.
This NPS has long, braided hair.
This NPCs breath is visible as if it always is a cold winters day around them.
This NPC has really long, really sharp nails. Usually used in “boogie man” stories to scare the local children.
This NPC has piercing eyes.
This NPC always smells of baked bread.
This NPC is skinny as a rail.
This NPC is exceptionally tall for their species.
This NPC has a lock of hair that will always stick right up, no matter what they try to keep it in place.
This NPC always speaks through clenched teeth.
This NPC has a large bulbous nose.
This NPC has a tattoo of an eye on their forehead.
The NPC has jagged crystals protruding from his body/chest/arms/head. (Shrapnel or magical disease)
This NPC has a lazy eye.
This NPC is incredibly attractive.
This NPC has a bony build.
This NPC has a snake tattoo.
This NPC has dark eyes.
This NPC always smells like strong perfume.
This NPC has a big and broad build.
This NPC speaks very slowly.
This NPC always smells like garlic.
This NPC wears faded, patched clothing.
This NPC appears to resemble someone from a prominent royal family... a little too closely.
This NPC looks like they could bench-press the farmer's prized cow if they wanted.
This NPC has bright, shiny eyes.
This NPC has an arrow tattoo.
This NPC is always dressed neat and proper.
This NPC always smells like mint.
This NPC has a handlebar mustache.
This NPC has a distinctive gang tattoo.
This NPC has vitiligo, where various (or mirrored) patches of their body lack any melanin.
This NPC has heterochromia (two different color eyes).
This NPC always has stains of ink on their hands.
This NPC is extremely hairy.
This NPC has had all of their teeth replaced with wooden teeth.
This NPC is grotesquely obese.
This NPC has two different color hair.
This NPC has shifty eyes.
This NPC always smells like pipe tobacco.
This NPC has very little body hair.
This NPC is thin and wiry.
This NPC has a false tooth (gold, silver, etc.). They can be seen running their tongue over it occasionally to make sure its still there.
This NPC must spend more time in front of a mirror than they do sleeping. There is not a single flaw or visible wrinkle on their face, not a smile or frown line to be had. Every single hair is immaculately placed into flowing locks of hair.
This NPC has distant eyes.
This NPC wears an eyepatch over one of their eyes.
This NPC had a worn, tired face. Three days of rough stubble covered their face. There were smears of dirt spread almost artfully across one side of their face.
This NPC walks with a bad limp.
This NPC has a distinctive criminal tattoo.
This NPC is an albino (no skin, fur, feather, or scale pigmentation).
This NPC has an old-fashioned sense of style.
This NPC is always chewing on a piece of some root of unknown properties.
This NPC is slightly green and has pointy teeth. They have orc or goblin somewhere in their ancestry.
This NPC has a hook nose.
This NPC has horrible eyesight and cannot see without their glasses.
This NPC's ears are stretched / low hanging from wearing very heavy / modifying earrings.
This NPC has hair so long it gets stepped on constantly, leading to them always putting it up.